README.md, before:

# lib-ios-interconnect

An iOS Library by Dallin Lauritzen (<dallin@dallinlauritzen.com>).

## About lib-ios-interconnect

Lib-ios-interconnect, or “the library” is an iOS library written to gather together (almost) all conceivable URL schemes registered by available iPhone and iPad apps for interconnectivity with other apps. It is a database of URL schemes and a centralized method of creating and calling them.

## A Call for Community and Developer Involvement

I ask community members and developers to assist in the gathering, documentation, and verification of URL schemes. Official app representatives would be best, as they are the owners of the actual programs.

Conversely, any developer can opt out of inclusion in this library by emailing me with a request for exclusion.

## Updates

Library updates will consist of bug fixes and changes to the scheme database. I encourage all developers using this library to subscribe to the project or update their local repositories often to receive the updates in a timely fashion.

## Copyright and License

This library is owned and maintained by Dallin Lauritzen (<dallin@dallinlauritzen.com>). Contributions may be offered by the [GitHub](https://github.com) community in the project repository located at [https://github.com/dlauritzen/lib-ios-interconnect](). CREDITS.md will contain descriptions and revision numbers of any modifications made by anyone besides the owner.

Currently, the library is licensed under the FreeBSD license (see LICENSE.md), but I'm open to suggestions for changes. Mainly, I want the source of the library to be freely available to any individual or company that wishes to use or modify it, whether their product is free or paid, open source or proprietary. I would also obviously like any modifications to give appropriate credit to me and any GitHub members that helped by linking back to the GitHub project.

Commit message:

Added link to the project wiki in the Readme.

README.md, after:

# lib-ios-interconnect

An iOS Library by Dallin Lauritzen (<dallin@dallinlauritzen.com>).

## About lib-ios-interconnect

Lib-ios-interconnect, or “the library” is an iOS library written to gather together (almost) all conceivable URL schemes registered by available iPhone and iPad apps for interconnectivity with other apps. It is a database of URL schemes and a centralized method of creating and calling them.

## A Call for Community and Developer Involvement

I ask community members and developers to assist in the gathering, documentation, and verification of URL schemes. Official app representatives would be best, as they are the owners of the actual programs.

Conversely, any developer can opt out of inclusion in this library by emailing me with a request for exclusion.

The GitHub [project wiki](https://github.com/dlauritzen/lib-ios-interconnect/wiki) will be the central storage location of all the scheme and library documentation. Please use those pages to contribute to the documentation. If you have any comments about the code, use the issue tracker or comment directly in the repository.

## Updates

Library updates will consist of bug fixes and changes to the scheme database. I encourage all developers using this library to subscribe to the project or update their local repositories often to receive the updates in a timely fashion.

## Copyright and License

This library is owned and maintained by Dallin Lauritzen (<dallin@dallinlauritzen.com>). Contributions may be offered by the [GitHub](https://github.com) community in the project repository located at [https://github.com/dlauritzen/lib-ios-interconnect](). CREDITS.md will contain descriptions and revision numbers of any modifications made by anyone besides the owner.

Currently, the library is licensed under the FreeBSD license (see LICENSE.md), but I'm open to suggestions for changes. Mainly, I want the source of the library to be freely available to any individual or company that wishes to use or modify it, whether their product is free or paid, open source or proprietary. I would also obviously like any modifications to give appropriate credit to me and any GitHub members that helped by linking back to the GitHub project.
